Of course, to clean up the mess for your future teenager
How is this different from short-distance acting?
Ajie
Song Qingqing, do you know anything else besides crying?
Here we go.
ACHOO
Why does this Young Master Liu seem so greedy?
You're talking bad about me again
I don't have it.
Then you're addicted to me, so addicted that you can't extricate yourself
Shut up you are enough
Song Qianqian
What's wrong with what you promised us?
You took my 5 million and agreed to break off the marriage with the boy girl
As a result, you are now at odds with him
Are you still shameless?
What 5 million
This Song Qianqian really opened her mouth wide
I am also a young man who sees money and sees Jin
This woman sold you for 5 million
You haven't settled the bill with him yet?
This 5 million is not in my hands at all
Why would I steal?
Haha, it's not in your hands. Did it get stolen?
You keep saying I'm sorry for my boyfriend.
Why don't you ask him where the 5 million is?
This 5 million is in my hands
So is Splendid money?
Don't be fooled by the couple's partnership
Ah!
The company has an urgent matter to go back and deal with, okay, okay, okay.
Do you want to come back with me?
I am very happy in the live broadcast.
Brother Yang
When it comes later, take a good look and send it to you.
Mr. Song
And give me your face standing in front of this
Song Qianqian, hurry up and get out of the Song family for me
You can touch me again for this money
Forget it, just go back here and stop
Who told you?
Especially you Song Qianqing